examples/organizational-deploy-with-member-account-access-pre-created/README.md, before:

# Deepfence cloud scanner in AWS<br/>[ Example :: Organizational account setup ] - Deploy with member account access pre-created.

Deploy Deepfence cloud scanner for AWS in a Organizational setup. This approach assumes that user already has a read only role created in all member accounts where scanning needs to be done. This role will be assumed by Deepfence cloud scanner to perform scan.<br/>

## Prerequisites

There should be a read only access role in each of the member account before running this module. The name of the role should be same in all accounts which will be passed as input in this module. This role must have trust policy to be assumed by role named `deepfence-cloud-scanner-organizational-ECSTaskRole` in member account where Deepfence cloud scanner stack will be deployed. Also, the account where Deepfence cloud scanner stack will be deployed must have policy to assume role in all accounts.

Setup is as follows-
* In the **user-provided member account**
    * All the Deepfence cloud scanner service-related resources/workload will be created

* In the **other member accounts**
    * The read only role created by user will be assumed to perform scan.
     
### Notice
**Deployment cost** - This example will create resources that cost money.<br/>Run `terraform destroy` when you don't need them anymore.

## Usage
Copy the code below and paste it into a .tf file on your local machine.

```terraform

provider "aws" {
  alias  = "member"
  region = "<AWS_REGION>; ex. us-east-1"
  assume_role {
    # 'OrganizationAccountAccessRole' is the default role created by AWS for managed-account users to be able to admin member accounts.
    # <br/>https://docs.aws.amazon.com/organizations/latest/userguide/orgs_manage_accounts_access.html
    role_arn = "arn:aws:iam::${var.CCS_member_account_id}:role/OrganizationAccountAccessRole"
  }
}

module "cloud-scanner_example_organizational-deploy-with-member-account-access-pre-created" {
  providers = {
    aws.member = aws.member
  }
  source                                   = "deepfence/cloud-scanner/aws//examples/organizational-deploy-with-member-account-access-pre-created"
  version                                  = "0.1.0"
  CCS_member_account_id                    = "<Member Account ID where Deepfence cloud scanner resources will be deployed> ex. XXXXXXXXXXXX"
  common_role_in_all_account_to_be_scanned = "<Role name> ex. read_only_role"
  mgmt-console-url                         = "<Console URL> ex. XXX.XXX.XX.XXX"
  mgmt-console-port                        = "443"
  deepfence-key                            = "<Deepfence-key> ex. XXXXXXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXXXXXXXXXX"
  multiple-acc-ids                         = "<Member account ids where scanning will be done> ex. XXXXXXXXXXXX, XXXXXXXXXXXX, XXXXXXXXXXXX"
  org-acc-id                               = "<Management account id> ex. XXXXXXXXXXXX"
}

```

To run this example you need have your [aws management-account profile configured in CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-profiles.html) and to execute:
```terraform
terraform init
terraform plan
terraform apply
```
See inputs summary for more optional configuration.

## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 0.15.0 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 4.0.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws.member"></a> [aws.member](#provider\_aws.member) | >= 4.0.0 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_ecs-service"></a> [ecs-service](#module\_ecs-service) | ../../modules/services/ecs-service | n/a |
| <a name="module_resource_group"></a> [resource\_group](#module\_resource\_group) | ../../modules/infrastructure/resource-group | n/a |
| <a name="module_vpc-ecs"></a> [vpc-ecs](#module\_vpc-ecs) | ../../modules/infrastructure/vpc-ecs | n/a |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_iam_role.ccs_ecs_task_role](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role_policy.mem_acc_assume_role](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role_policy) | resource |
| [aws_iam_policy_document.mem_acc_assume_role](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/iam_policy_document) | data source |
| [aws_iam_policy_document.task_assume_role](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/iam_policy_document) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_CCS_member_account_id"></a> [CCS\_member\_account\_id](#input\_CCS\_member\_account\_id) | Member Account ID where scanner resources will be deployed | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_ccs_ecs_task_role_name"></a> [ccs\_ecs\_task\_role\_name](#input\_ccs\_ecs\_task\_role\_name) | Name for the ecs task role. This is only required to resolve cyclic dependency with organizational approach | `string` | `"organizational-ECSTaskRole"` | no |
| <a name="input_common_role_in_all_account_to_be_scanned"></a> [common\_role\_in\_all\_account\_to\_be\_scanned](#input\_common\_role\_in\_all\_account\_to\_be\_scanned) | Common role created in all member accounts where scanning needs to be done | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_deepfence-key"></a> [deepfence-key](#input\_deepfence-key) | deepfence-key | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_ecs_vpc_region_azs"></a> [ecs\_vpc\_region\_azs](#input\_ecs\_vpc\_region\_azs) | List of Availability Zones for ECS VPC creation. e.g.: ["apne1-az1", "apne1-az2"]. If defaulted, two of the default 'aws\_availability\_zones' datasource will be taken | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_mgmt-console-port"></a> [mgmt-console-port](#input\_mgmt-console-port) | mgmt-console-port | `string` | `"443"` | no |
| <a name="input_mgmt-console-url"></a> [mgmt-console-url](#input\_mgmt-console-url) | mgmt-console-url | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_mode"></a> [mode](#input\_mode) | mode | `string` | `"service"` | no |
| <a name="input_multiple-acc-ids"></a> [multiple-acc-ids](#input\_multiple-acc-ids) | These account ids are those where scanning will be done | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | Prefix name for all resources | `string` | `"deepfence-cloud-scanner"` | no |
| <a name="input_org-acc-id"></a> [org-acc-id](#input\_org-acc-id) | This account id is the management account id which is there in an organizational setup | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_organizational_member_default_admin_role"></a> [organizational\_member\_default\_admin\_role](#input\_organizational\_member\_default\_admin\_role) | Default role created by AWS for management-account users to be able to admin member accounts.<br/>https://docs.aws.amazon.com/organizations/latest/userguide/orgs_manage_accounts_access.html | `string` | `"OrganizationAccountAccessRole"` | no |
| <a name="input_region"></a> [region](#input\_region) | the AWS region in which resources are created, you must set the availability\_zones variable as well if you define this value to something other than the default | `string` | `"us-east-1"` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | Default tag for resource | `map(string)` | <pre>{<br>  "product": "deepfence-cloud-scanner"<br>}</pre> | no |

## Outputs

No outputs.

Commit message:

Aws fix readme links (#5)
* docs: correcting links in readme docs

* feature, docs: adding read only policy for ecs role account, autopassing org acc id to container env, updating readme

* docs: bumping registry version

* fix: adding vars to root tf file

Co-authored-by: nimblenitin <naidunitin1@gmail.com>

examples/organizational-deploy-with-member-account-access-pre-created/README.md, after:

# Deepfence cloud scanner in AWS<br/>[ Example :: Organizational account setup ] - Deploy with member account access pre-created.

Deploy Deepfence cloud scanner for AWS in a Organizational setup. This approach assumes that user already has a read only role created in all member accounts where scanning needs to be done. This role will be assumed by Deepfence cloud scanner to perform scan.<br/>

## Prerequisites

1. There should be a read only access role in each of the member account before running this module. The name of the role should be same in all accounts which will be passed as input in this module. This role must have trust policy to be assumed by role named `deepfence-cloud-scanner-organizational-ECSTaskRole` in member account where Deepfence cloud scanner stack will be deployed. Also, the account where Deepfence cloud scanner stack will be deployed must have policy to assume role in all accounts.

2. Configure the default account details in aws config file with management account. Management account will be used to assume role in member accounts and deploy resources.

Setup is as follows-
* In the **user-provided member account**
    * All the Deepfence cloud scanner service-related resources/workload will be created

* In the **other member accounts**
    * The read only role created by user will be assumed to perform scan.
     
### Notice
**Deployment cost** - This example will create resources that cost money.<br/>Run `terraform destroy` when you don't need them anymore.

## Usage
Copy the code below and paste it into a .tf file on your local machine.

```terraform

provider "aws" {
  alias  = "member"
  region = "<AWS_REGION>; ex. us-east-1"
  assume_role {
    # 'OrganizationAccountAccessRole' is the default role created by AWS for managed-account users to be able to admin member accounts.
    # <br/>https://docs.aws.amazon.com/organizations/latest/userguide/orgs_manage_accounts_access.html
    role_arn = "arn:aws:iam::${var.CCS_member_account_id}:role/OrganizationAccountAccessRole"
  }
}

module "cloud-scanner_example_organizational-deploy-with-member-account-access-pre-created" {
  providers = {
    aws.member = aws.member
  }
  source                                   = "deepfence/cloud-scanner/aws//examples/organizational-deploy-with-member-account-access-pre-created"
  version                                  = "0.1.4"
  CCS_member_account_id                    = "<Member Account ID where Deepfence cloud scanner resources will be deployed> ex. XXXXXXXXXXXX"
  common_role_in_all_account_to_be_scanned = "<Role name> ex. read_only_role"
  mgmt-console-url                         = "<Console URL> ex. XXX.XXX.XX.XXX"
  mgmt-console-port                        = "443"
  deepfence-key                            = "<Deepfence-key> ex. XXXXXXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXXXXXXXXXX"
  multiple-acc-ids                         = "<Member account ids where scanning will be done> ex. XXXXXXXXXXXX, XXXXXXXXXXXX, XXXXXXXXXXXX"
}

```

To run this example you need have your [aws management-account profile configured in CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-profiles.html) and to execute:
```terraform
terraform init
terraform plan
terraform apply
```
See inputs summary for more optional configuration.

## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 0.15.0 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 4.0.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws.member"></a> [aws.member](#provider\_aws.member) | >= 4.0.0 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_ecs-service"></a> [ecs-service](#module\_ecs-service) | ../../modules/services/ecs-service | n/a |
| <a name="module_resource_group"></a> [resource\_group](#module\_resource\_group) | ../../modules/infrastructure/resource-group | n/a |
| <a name="module_vpc-ecs"></a> [vpc-ecs](#module\_vpc-ecs) | ../../modules/infrastructure/vpc-ecs | n/a |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_iam_role.ccs_ecs_task_role](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role_policy.mem_acc_assume_role](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role_policy) | resource |
| [aws_iam_policy_document.mem_acc_assume_role](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/iam_policy_document) | data source |
| [aws_iam_policy_document.task_assume_role](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/iam_policy_document) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_CCS_member_account_id"></a> [CCS\_member\_account\_id](#input\_CCS\_member\_account\_id) | Member Account ID where scanner resources will be deployed | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_ccs_ecs_task_role_name"></a> [ccs\_ecs\_task\_role\_name](#input\_ccs\_ecs\_task\_role\_name) | Name for the ecs task role. This is only required to resolve cyclic dependency with organizational approach | `string` | `"organizational-ECSTaskRole"` | no |
| <a name="input_common_role_in_all_account_to_be_scanned"></a> [common\_role\_in\_all\_account\_to\_be\_scanned](#input\_common\_role\_in\_all\_account\_to\_be\_scanned) | Common role created in all member accounts where scanning needs to be done | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_deepfence-key"></a> [deepfence-key](#input\_deepfence-key) | deepfence-key | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_ecs_vpc_region_azs"></a> [ecs\_vpc\_region\_azs](#input\_ecs\_vpc\_region\_azs) | List of Availability Zones for ECS VPC creation. e.g.: ["apne1-az1", "apne1-az2"]. If defaulted, two of the default 'aws\_availability\_zones' datasource will be taken | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_mgmt-console-port"></a> [mgmt-console-port](#input\_mgmt-console-port) | mgmt-console-port | `string` | `"443"` | no |
| <a name="input_mgmt-console-url"></a> [mgmt-console-url](#input\_mgmt-console-url) | mgmt-console-url | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_mode"></a> [mode](#input\_mode) | mode | `string` | `"service"` | no |
| <a name="input_multiple-acc-ids"></a> [multiple-acc-ids](#input\_multiple-acc-ids) | These account ids are those where scanning will be done | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | Prefix name for all resources | `string` | `"deepfence-cloud-scanner"` | no |
| <a name="input_org-acc-id"></a> [org-acc-id](#input\_org-acc-id) | This account id is the management account id which is there in an organizational setup | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_organizational_member_default_admin_role"></a> [organizational\_member\_default\_admin\_role](#input\_organizational\_member\_default\_admin\_role) | Default role created by AWS for management-account users to be able to admin member accounts.<br/>https://docs.aws.amazon.com/organizations/latest/userguide/orgs_manage_accounts_access.html | `string` | `"OrganizationAccountAccessRole"` | no |
| <a name="input_region"></a> [region](#input\_region) | the AWS region in which resources are created, you must set the availability\_zones variable as well if you define this value to something other than the default | `string` | `"us-east-1"` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | Default tag for resource | `map(string)` | <pre>{<br>  "product": "deepfence-cloud-scanner"<br>}</pre> | no |

## Outputs

No outputs.
